Release v0.48.0 (#980)
cosmos/ibc-rs: .changelog/v0.48.0/summary.md

In this release, we've undertaken a comprehensive overhaul of the **`ibc-rs`**
repository, resulting in a strategic reorganization of the codebase. This
restructuring dissects the implementation of each IBC specification,
categorizing and situating them within relevant libraries. The primary objective

> is to elevate ibc-rs practicality and enhance user flexibility by providing a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is to elevate `ibc-rs` practicality and enhance user flexibility by providing a
```

more modular and composable experience.

> Users now have the flexibility to choose from a spectrum of options. They can
> opt to utilize the entire suite of meta-crates, such as `ibc`, `ibc-core`,
> `ibc-clients`, or `ibc-apps`. Alternatively, they can exercise fine-grained
> control by selectively importing specific libraries. This can involve bringing
> in an entire implemented IBC sub-module, like the `ibc-core-client` crate, or
> importing only the associated data structures of a module, such as the
> `ibc-core-client-types` crate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users now have the flexibility to choose from a spectrum of dependencies. They can
opt to utilize the entire suite of meta-crates, such as `ibc`, `ibc-core`,
`ibc-clients`, or `ibc-apps`. Alternatively, they can exercise fine-grained
control by selectively importing specific crates. This can involve bringing
in an entire implemented IBC sub-module, like the `ibc-core-client` crate, or
importing only the associated data structures of a module, such as the
`ibc-core-client-types` crate.
```
